class_template.md, before:

---
title: CS 7777—Template for Class Page
wikilinks: ["CS 7777", "class_template"]
layout: article
---

## General Information

Something about the level of the course. Maybe talk about prerequisites, or similar classes of the same level (e.g. 2110/2112). Taught in Rust.

## Prerequisites

None, assumes zero programming experience

## Topics Covered

- List of things
- Look at the course website?
- Personal experience too
- Rust
- Did I say Rust?
- Python is cool too

## Workload

Light, just don't leave the projects until the last minute (protip: this applies to *every* CS class)

## General Advice

- More lists
- Go to office hours!

## Testimonials

CS 7777 was the most engaging class I ever took. Professor Myers-Bracy-Sirer really knows their stuff.

## Past Offerings

{:.past-offerings}
| Semester | Time | Professor | Median Grade | Enrollment | Course Page |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Spring 2013 | TR 9:05 - 9:55 AM and TR 11:15 AM - 12:05 PM | Myers-Bracy-Sirer | A- | 0 | <http://example.com> |
|Fall 2012 | TR 9:05 - 9:55 AM and TR 11:15 AM - 12:05 PM | Bracy-Sirer-Myers | B | 0 | <http://example.com> |

Commit message:

Added a "Current Professor"
Current professor shows the name, netID, year they started (if known), and a photo

class_template.md, after:

---
title: CS 7777—Template for Class Page
wikilinks: ["CS 7777", "class_template"]
layout: article
---

## General Information

Something about the level of the course. Maybe talk about prerequisites, or similar classes of the same level (e.g. 2110/2112). Taught in Rust.

## Prerequisites

None, assumes zero programming experience

## Topics Covered

- List of things
- Look at the course website?
- Personal experience too
- Rust
- Did I say Rust?
- Python is cool too

## Workload

Light, just don't leave the projects until the last minute (protip: this applies to *every* CS class)

## General Advice

- More lists
- Go to office hours!

## Testimonials

CS 7777 was the most engaging class I ever took. Professor Myers-Bracy-Sirer really knows their stuff.

## Current Professor

FirstName LastName
netID@cornell.edu
Since 20XX (if applicable)
(Photo if they are ok with it)

## Past Offerings

{:.past-offerings}
| Semester | Time | Professor | Median Grade | Enrollment | Course Page |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Spring 2013 | TR 9:05 - 9:55 AM and TR 11:15 AM - 12:05 PM | Myers-Bracy-Sirer | A- | 0 | <http://example.com> |
|Fall 2012 | TR 9:05 - 9:55 AM and TR 11:15 AM - 12:05 PM | Bracy-Sirer-Myers | B | 0 | <http://example.com> |
